Use UmbPropertyValueChangeEvent over magic string (#6030)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 14/umbraco-cms/tutorials/creating-a-property-editor/README.md

Let's start with the input field. When we type something in the input field, we want the property editor's value to change to the input field's current value.

> We then have to dispatch an `property-value-change` event, this can be done using ´new CustomEvent('property-value-change')` or you can leverage the core class `new UmbPropertyValueChangeEvent()` (recommended):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We then have to dispatch an `property-value-change` event which can be done in two ways:
- using ´new CustomEvent('property-value-change')` or 
- using `new UmbPropertyValueChangeEvent()` which is recommended as you can leverage the core class 
```

Let's start with the input field. When we type something in the input field, we want the property editor's value to change to the input field's current value.

> We then have to dispatch an `property-value-change` event which can be done in two ways:
> - Using ´new CustomEvent('property-value-change')` or 
> - Using `new UmbPropertyValueChangeEvent()` which is recommended as you can leverage the core class 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We then have to dispatch an `property-value-change` event which can be done in two ways:
- Using `new CustomEvent('property-value-change')` or 
- Using `new UmbPropertyValueChangeEvent()` which is recommended as you can leverage the core class 

1. Add the import so the event can be used:
{% code title="suggestions-property-editor-ui.element.ts" %}

import { UmbPropertyValueChangeEvent } from "@umbraco-cms/backoffice/property-editor";

{% endcode %}

2. Add the event to the property editor:

```
